chore: Update k8s guide (#1439)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/environments/migrate-sdk-application-from-btp-cf-to-kyma.mdx

---
id: kyma
title: Migrate your App from SAP BTP CF to Kyma with the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript
sidebar_label: Kubernetes with SAP Kyma
description: Learn how to migrate your application from SAP BTP Cloud Foundry to Kyma with the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript
keywords:
  - sap
  - cloud
  - sdk
  - cloud native
  - cloud sdk
  - sap cloud sdk
  - kubernetes
  - kyma
---

import {
  DockerFile,
  KymaApprouterTabs,
  KymaAppTabs,
  OperatorDestinationService,
  OperatorXsuaaService
} from './code';

> [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/) is an open-source project, offering a comprehensive suite of tools and services, specifically created for the development and operation of cloud-native applications seamlessly integrated with Kubernetes.

Reviewer: [q] Do we say "Open Source" or "open source" in other places in the docs? We should align on how this should be written.

Author: We seem to use both ! I would prefer the simple "open source" (unless the term appears in the headings)

> [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/) is an open-source project, offering a comprehensive suite of tools and services, specifically created for the development and operation of cloud-native applications seamlessly integrated with Kubernetes.

Reviewer: [req] more active!
```suggestion
[Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/) is an open-source project, that offers a comprehensive suite of tools and services, specifically created for the development and operation of cloud-native applications seamlessly integrated with Kubernetes.
```

# Getting Started with the SAP Cloud SDK on Kyma

> This guide is meant for helping you migrate your existing application built with the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript to Kyma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is helps you to migrate your existing application built with the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript to Kyma.
```

The reference application we will use in this guide can be found in the [samples repository](https://github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-sdk-js/tree/main/samples/helm-sample-application).
We will also deploy an approuter so that only authenticated users can access your application.

### Prerequisites

> - [`docker`](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and a publicly reachable Docker repository

Reviewer: [pp] Same is in the k8s guide, I would prefer to have something actionable here, like, "install xy", "have access to z", etc. This also applies to all other items in this list.

  :::info

>   This guide assumes you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed on your local machine and a publicly accessible **Docker repository** where you can store images.

Reviewer: [pp] This seems to be the exact same information as in the sentence before ;) I would prefer to keep just one of those.

Create a file named `api-gateway.yaml` inside the `templates` folder with the following content:

```yaml title="api-gateway.yaml"
{{- if and (.Values.expose.enabled) (eq .Values.expose.environment "kyma") -}}
{{- $name := default "approuter-chart" .Values.nameOverride | trunc 63 | trimSuffix "-" -}}
{{- $fullName := include "k8s-e2e-app-helm.fullname" . -}}
{{- $svcName := index .Values "approuter-chart" "name" | default (printf "%s-%s-svc" .Release.Name $name) | trunc 63 | trimSuffix "-" | quote -}}
{{- $svcPort := dig "approuter-chart" "service" "port" 8080 (.Values | merge (dict)) -}}

apiVersion: gateway.kyma-project.io/v1beta1
kind: APIRule
metadata:
  name: {{ $fullName }}-api-rule
  labels:
    {{- include "k8s-e2e-app-helm.labels" . | nindent 4 }}
spec:
  gateway: kyma-gateway.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local
  host: {{ index .Values.expose "api-rule" "host" }}
  service:
    name: {{ $svcName }}
    port: {{ $svcPort }}
  rules:
    - path: /.*
      methods:
        - GET
        - POST
        - DELETE
      mutators: []
      accessStrategies:
        - handler: noop
          config: {}

{{- end }}
```

> Finally, package and deploy all your resources together using the Helm Charts created above.

Reviewer: [req] We were talking about "Helm charts" before and after a quick Google search I think it should be lowercase.
```suggestion
Finally, package and deploy all your resources together using the Helm charts created above.
```

Run the below command:

```bash
helm package <HELM_CHART_DIRECTORY_PATH> --version v<VERSION_NO> # e.g. v1.0.0
helm install e2e-app <PATH_TO_PACKAGED_HELM_CHART>
```

### Access your Application

> You can view the created resources (application, api rule, etc) by navigating to the Kyma Dashboard, using the **Link to dashboard** link in the subaccount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the created resources (application, api rule, etc) by navigating to the Kyma dashboard, using the **Link to dashboard** link in the subaccount.
```
